**PLEASE READ THE GIVEN INSTRUCTIONS with Focus and Attention**

We are back to rock our 10th DevFest season. Yeah! you have heard it right, we hosted our very 1st DevFest event back in 2013. Before going ahead, we want you to check out the last offline DevFest Ahmedabad event, which would help you in realising the level of quality, knowledge and impact that we are expecting from each speaker.

<iframe width="100%" height="500" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/InT3W2cfx34" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

GDG DevFest Ahmedabad 2023 has been announced! The 10th edition of the biggest conference about Google technologies in Ahmedabad will take place on **15th October 2023** in the Heritage city of India.

That means that it is time to open the Call For Speaker form. If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with the biggest tech audience in Ahmedabad, you knock on the right door.

Last year DevFest broke all expectations of the audience, speakers, and even our ones. With 95% of satisfied attendees, we can claim that GDG DevFest Ahmedabad 2022 was a great success.

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. We’re looking for speakers like you, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.

## Target Audience

The majority of our target audience will be IT professionals (Web/Mobile/Backend Developers / Designers / ML Engineers / Data Scientists / Entrepreneurs and Startup ecosystem enablers, etc.) from 0 to 20 years of experience. We would also welcome students and freshers, only if they have hands-on knowledge on technologies!

## Session Format

- Session - 30 to 45 mins talk, detailed talk on any of the topics mentioned below.
- Lightening - 10 to 15 mins talk, quick overview on any of the topics mentioned below.
- Keynote - 30 to 45 mins talk

## Session Topics

We will accept talks for our planned tracks such as,

**Web / AI ML / Cloud**
  
- Web Development, topics not limited to
    - Angular
    - Firebase
    - PWA
    - Chrome Developer Tools
    - Performance
    - Accessibility
    - TensorFlow JS
    - JavaScript
    - Modern Web App Capabilities
    - UI / UX Trends
    - Blockchain
    - NFT
    - Web3 development etc.
- AI ML, topics not limited to
    - TensorFlow
    - Vertex AI
    - AutoML
    - Dataflow
    - Firebase
    - ML Kit
    - Cloud Natural Language etc.
- Cloud, topics not limited to
    - Google Kubernetes Engine
    - Compute Engine
    - Cloud Storage 
    - Big Query
    - Cloud Functions etc.

**Android / Flutter Development**
  
- Android/Flutter Development, topics not limited to:
    - Flutter/Android scalable architecture best practices
    - Kotlin Multiplatform and Flutter, Code for one and generate for multiple platforms
    - Optimize your apps for Android Go edition
    - Generating apps in no time using No-code or Pro-code platforms
    - Adaptive layout and latest UI/UX design trends in Android and Flutter
    - Start-up & Emerging Technologies
- Start-up and Emerging Technologies, topics not limited to:
    - Preparing pitch deck for tech startups
    - Raising funds for the technical products and tech startups
    - Products demo showcasing technology implementation and how you have solved real-world problems and developed solutions
    - Emerging Technologies like EV Charging, Blockchain, etc.
    - Why Startups Fail
    - Key Insights on building a startup

**MOST IMPORTANT Expectation from CFPs this year**

This year we are looking for the values and experienced based Talk proposals, wherein you have implemented some practices in your product(s) and you have achieved some users growth, revenue growth, code scalability achieved, generated funding, build MVP with solid principles and practices, etc.

This year we are not expecting talks on topics like Getting started with something or beginner level which one can do search over web and find out easily, like “Getting started with flutter development”, “How to implement in MVVM in Android”, “Getting started with JavaScript technologies”, etc.

**DOs of CFP**

- Please elaborate the topic in a proper way to help understand and review your talk.
- Please submit details about your past talk(s).
- Please include links of your past talk(s) presentations, videos etc.
- Please mention key takeaways of your talks and how it will benefit the developers.

**DON'T of CFP**

- Pitching and marketing of the product or company. Speaker can mention the company name but the focus of the talk should be technology.
- The talk should be the original idea of the speaker and should not be copied over from someone.
- The topic should be relevant for the audience and should not be in the practice in recent years.
- Avoid talks like getting started or hello world.

## Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to submit a proposal.

  1️⃣ It is good for your career. By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to potential business partners or employers.

  2️⃣ It is good for the company you’re working for. Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
  
  3️⃣ Unique networking. Being a speaker means you’ll have a unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

## Perks of being speaker at DevFestAhm

- Full day access to the conference
- Chance of networking with 1000+ developers in the conference
- Exposure to community members on official GDG Ahmedabad social media accounts
- Help from GDG Ahmedabad team members in talk preparation.

**Call for Speakers will stay open until September 15, 2023. Don’t miss out :)**

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters max by 25th September, 2023.

Any questions? Email any organisers at [pareshmayani@gmail.com](mailto:pareshmayani@gmail.com)  OR [dhuma1981@gmail.com](mailto:dhuma1981@gmail.com) OR [hdave10@gmail.com](mailto:hdave10@gmail.com).

<div layout horizontal center-justified> <a href="https://sessionize.com/gdg-ahmedabad-devfest-2023/" rel="noopener noreferrer"> <paper-button primary>Submit a proposal</paper-button> </a> </div>
